Welcome to our first lesson in this course on EHR Data Security and Analysis.
In this lesson, you'll cover Data Security and Privacy,
including some of the key standards in regulations.
When you're finished with this section,
you will gain key information that you need to know about working with EHR data.
Next, you'll venture into Exploratory Data Analysis,
allowing you to gain a deeper understanding
of your datasets before you begin working with them.
This will cover analyzing a dataset schema,
looking at value distributions,
missing values, and the cardinality of categorical features.
Lastly, you'll complete a demographic data set analysis.
This analysis shows how representative your dataset might be.
This is a key step that occurs before training and predictions are made.
Once you complete this lesson,
you'll be ready to start working with health care data sets.
You'll also be able to ensure that the training and
predictions of the model you build are truly representative.
With that, let's dig into
the critical and important topic of EHR Data Security and Privacy.